hello and welcome to another udemy
tutorial on my channel in this video i'm
going to show you how to upload and
publish your own courses on udemy i'm
going to do this by showing you the
step-by-step process of how i uploaded
and published one of my own life courses
i'm going to show you how to fill the
course lectures the course details ad
sections upload videos and test lectures
upload downloadable zip files and more
i'll show you how to complete your udemy
instructor application to become a
premium instructor add your preferred
payment method to get paid and finally
submit your course for review until it's
approved now let's get started
to upload your udemy course you have to
have an instructor account if you don't
have an instructor account then go to
the instructor sign up page check the
description for the link
now sign up with your name email and
password then you have to complete these
three steps to continue here you'll be
asked on basic questions on your level
of experience as a course creator so
they can help you with some tips and
resources
first step
what kind of teaching have you done
choose anyone that applies to you
we have these options
for me i will choose online
then click continue
and then the second step they want to
know your experience level creating
videos
you can choose the one that applies to
you
if you don't have any experience then
choose the first option for me i could
choose experience or since i have my
videos ready to upload i will choose i
have videos ready to upload and click
continue
then the third step do you have some
audience to share your course with if
you don't then choose the first option
if you do choose any of the last two
based on your following i will choose i
have a sizeable following then click on
continue and now i'm right here in my
instructor dashboard so this is the step
you need to follow and you'll be in your
own instructor dashboard
this is your dashboard where you upload
courses access tools see your account
details and more is your own udemy
account backend here on the right you
can check your account details by
clicking on this profile photo thumbnail
you can see your profile details and see
what the public actually see when they
check your profile here you can see your
account where you can actually edit your
account details and profile details then
down here you can add payout method and
feed your tax information on the account
page you can see your account security
messages notifications and more on the
left of the dashboard we have courses
page where you can upload your courses
you have communication we have
performance where you can check your
sales performance tools and resources
and so on here on the tools page you can
see we have these useful tools
especially the market insight tool which
helps you do your course topic research
i talk more about this in my make money
on udemy video check the video out the
link is in the description to create a
course click on courses at the top and
you'll be on this page you can see more
resources as you scroll down we have
some link like instructor community
teaching center and other tools you can
check them out by clicking on the links
to create a course click on create your
course button to get started first they
want to find out what course you are
making choose course to continue and of
course if it's a practice test choose
the other one and click on continue then
add your course title i'm going to have
my own course title which is book cover
design and animation master class
next choose your course category
and in my case i'm going to choose
design and click continue
next they will ask you how much time you
have to create your course
since i have my course ready
and everything ready i'm going to choose
i have lots of flexibility
and click
create course
and finally we are in the create course
interface where you'll be adding your
new course or adding subsequent courses
so you can see this place is divided
into three sections we have the plan
your courses
create your content
and publish your course
we are going to go through all the steps
in this section until we have added the
course details and i've uploaded our
course videos including the downloadable
files yeah as you can see on my system i
have everything all mapped out and
divided and i have all these videos and
files and i'm going to upload them to
udemy servers once it's done this is
going to be the end result or the
landing page or the front end this is
what the public will see on udemy when
published you can see the sections with
the videos and text lectures
all 12 sections of it
and here you can see all the course
details the descriptions
and down here you can see
other information
that i'm going to add
in this video
right here you can also see the
instructor profile details and so on
so if we go back first section we are
going to fill the intended learners page
with details this is where you tell
intended learners what they are expected
to learn when they sign up for your
course here you also tell them who the
course is for and the basic requirements
to taking your course
so at the top what will students learn
in your course and here basically let
them know what they will achieve after
going through your course this is a book
of our design course so students will
learn all the standard anatomy or book
cover learn photoshop basics and how it
can be used for book cover design learn
how to individualize your project to
match any book we are working on and so
on and if you need more space just click
on add more to your response and more
spaces will be created and you can add
more until you have added as many as you
want now i have added about 17 and i
think if i take a look it's done and at
any point you can edit delete or move up
or move down any row once done go to the
second part
in this area what are the requirements
for taking this course this is where you
tell intended students the required
skills or tools or experience they need
before they can sign up for your course
this course is intended for beginners so
i'm going to add no experience or skill
needed no photoshop experience needed no
after effect experience needed for the
book cover animation part and that they
only need a laptop and i'll be providing
trial versions of photoshop and after
effects so i'm going to put all that and
i'm done and i'll move to the next part
this is who is this course for area and
this is where you indicate the group of
people who would benefit from signing up
for your course for this course every
student who need a career in book cover
design or book authors who want to learn
to design their own book cover anyone
who wants to make extra money online
designing book covers all professional
designers who want to add this skill to
their design arsenal and so on so i'm
going to fill that one by one and add
more by clicking on the add more until i
am done
so like i said you can move any of the
rows up and down for example let me move
this one up since i want them to read
this line before the other lines below i
will scroll up and take a final look and
if satisfied i'm going to go up and
click save
note that you can always come back at
any point and start from where you have
stopped for example if i locked out and
i come back i will begin for where i've
actually stopped
now we go to course structure basically
here they give you tips and
recommendations on how to plan your
course you don't have to do a thing they
tell you how to create your course
outline and other things that you need
to know before creating your course you
can just read them and move to the next
step the next step set up and test video
here too you don't have to do a thing
you get tips and recommendations on how
to set up your recording area set up
your audio and video equipment to get
the best quality recordings i know how
to record videos and i've been doing
this for a long time so i'm gonna go to
the next step now we move to the create
your content section and we are going to
click on theme and edit here too as you
can see nothing to do but just tips and
recommendations on how to edit your
recorded videos on audio you can just
read them and move to the next step next
up is the curriculum page this is the
page where you have to upload your video
and test lectures including downloadable
files you have to create your sections
add lecture titles under every section
and upload your content to every created
lecture spaces if you have assignment
quizzes or practice tests this is where
you add them all so we have section one
created for us and under that section we
have a lecture title you can click on
this pencil icon to edit the title for
example i'm going to edit this
to welcome
an introduction
and then click save lecture
but as you can see it's just a lecture
title you need to upload the lecture
content you can add a video video and
slide matchup and article lectures here
to add another section we have to create
another row right outside of the section
one row if you over over that you will
see this plus on a slide icon and if you
click on that you'll be able to add
another section now you can hide the
title of the section and i'm just going
to go to my system and copy the title as
i already have everything planned so i'm
going to copy that
and i'm going to paste it here here i'm
going to add a learning objective for
this section you can add anything that
describes the content of this section i
will type in some words to describe the
content here
i don't have this already planned so i
will type an objective
and once i'm done i'm going to click
save section
and as you can see it says on publish
section we need to upload our content
first and then we can publish later you
can move this section up above the
section one or move it down if there are
sections below it i'm going to add more
section the same way and i'm going to do
this until all my 12 sections are done
so now that i've created all my sections
i can add lecture titles to every
section and then start uploading the
video content
now to add files so lectures created
here you will see content and then you
see a plus
then it will ask you to choose the
content type you want to upload for this
i'm going to choose video and i'm going
to upload the video from my computer if
you already have files uploaded before
you can choose the ad from library and
select an already uploaded file from the
library you can use the box uploader at
the top to upload all your video content
and all your files and then you can use
the ad from library to choose files to
add but since i don't have files already
uploaded i'll go back to upload video
and upload a video from my computer
click select video and then on your
system find the video and upload now the
video upload will start and i can wait
for it or i can just go to another
lecture and upload another video while
the first video is still uploading i
always like to add all my lecture titles
first so that way i can upload many
videos at the same time so that's what
i'm going to do i'll go to any section
let's say this section 5 and i'm going
to add a lecture title so make sure you
click here within the row if you click
outside you'll be adding sections so i'm
going to add a lecture and give it a
title click add lecture and i'm going to
add another lecture
give it a title
and save lecture and i'll continue to do
that until i've added all the lectures
for this section
so i am done and now move to next
section and add all lectures for that
section until you've added all the
lecture titles for every section so now
we can start adding the lecture content
click content and then choose video
select the video and upload that video
next one do the same select the video
and upload until you've added all the
video lectures i will speed this up
until all the videos are uploaded
and as you can see the first 20 videos
also are automatically published but i
have over 90 plus videos so the others
will stay unpublished this video will
process and after the videos are
processed you will see a button to
publish the videos and the sections you
can preview the videos once uploaded
even when it's not published so you can
see what the videos look like online on
the front end for now i will take a look
at everything and make sure i have all
my videos uploaded to the right sections
you can edit the titles by clicking here
and edit the title once edited save it
to reflect changes every time you upload
a lecture you get an email notifications
from edemi i get to know the status of
your upload also as you're uploading
your videos you can see here at the top
the total duration of the course content
in as for this course once fully
uploaded the total cost duration is
almost 20 hours besides the lecture you
can have quizzes coding exercise
practice tests or assignments for
practice text for example you can have
the test title duration of the test
minimum score you expect a student to
score and so on any of these depends on
your course topic and of course what you
want to achieve with your course for
this training i don't need to add
assignments or coding practice or quiz
because this course does not require
that but if your own course requires
that make sure you add that since this
is a design course i need to upload some
downloadable exercise file for the
students so i will add the lecture title
then instead of clicking on content i
will click on this drop down and you'll
see description and resources i'll click
resources and i have options like
downloadable files from library external
links or source code i will choose
downloadable file since this is a zip
file and i'm going to upload the
exercise file students need for their
own practical lessons i will go to the
next section and i'll add another
lecture title and click resources upload
a zip file until it's uploaded for this
lecture i need to upload some text file
i will do the same but instead of
choosing a zip file i'm going to choose
a text file i will select a text file
and i'm going to upload that and as you
can see this is a text file with dot tst
extension
in addition to videos course content can
also be in text format or articles so
i'm going to add a text lecture
choose lecture and now instead of video
i'm going to choose article
i'm going to type in my article or text
content
[Music]
and once you're done
save the article
and your students can just read the
article in text format instead of
watching a video
now we are done we've uploaded all the
text lectures the video lectures and all
the downloadable files and after a while
the videos will be done processing and
will be available to be published if you
click on this drop down you will see
this publish button click on it to
publish the video under the preview
buffering you will see these free
previews and downloadable the free
preview when enabled makes that video
available for free as a free video for
intended students to watch before they
sign up to make a lecture downloadable
for offline viewing enable this
downloadable it's very important to have
some videos available for free preview
so i'm gonna check about five of them
and make them available for free for
intending student to watch
and once you are done you don't even
need to save all uploads and additions
are saved automatically
so now i'm done with the uploads and
i'll move to the next section which is
captions
for the captions it's optional if you
don't have any videos captions ready
then don't worry because udemy now add
automatic captions to your videos after
processing once your video is processed
video captions are automatically added
and you can always go back to the
captions area to edit the captions to
your desire but if you do have your
captions ready you can go to the
captions page to upload the captions for
now i'll skip this and go to the next
section which is the publish your course
section and i'm going to click on the
first step which is the course landing
page on the course landing page this is
where you had your course details like
the title subtitle descriptions you
choose your course category and upload
your course image thumbnail and
promotional video for the course title
as you can see it's already filled in
for us and that's because we already put
that in at the beginning you can keep
that or you can edit it if you want i'm
going to add my subtitle and i'm going
to put my major keywords in there and
now i'm done of course you can add your
description i'm going to copy and paste
my own description you can style it you
can bold italicize or do whatever this
is a familiar editing window you can
just style the way you want then for
language choose the language that your
course is in mine is english so i'm
going to leave it english and then move
to the course level for the course level
we have a beginner intermediate or
advanced and we also have all levels for
now i'm going to choose all levels but
this is a beginner because i can come
back and change that later
and i have my category and subcategory
then here you can add your primary
keyword and for this i'm going to add
book cover design for the cost image
this is where you add your preview
thumbnail image this is the image people
see on the landing page so make sure
it's of the right size and as you can
see it says 750 by 422 pixels so i'm
going to design that and make sure that
the format is either jpeg or png and
there are rules the rules are you should
not add text on the image and you can't
repeat an image like this one make sure
you click on the link and read the rows
so this is the first one i designed and
this is against the rules so i'm going
to design another one quickly and upload
that and of course you can always come
back to change your course image at any
point
for promotional video add a video that
outlines what your course is all about
and what intended students will learn it
can be of any length so i'll upload mine
mine is about four minutes long and i'm
going to upload that and i'll take a
final look
make any necessary edit
and i'll save to continue
now we go to pricing yeah you can choose
any major currency and sell at any price
that you want there are about 29 price
tiers from 1999 to 199.99
but you have to be a premium instructor
to had a price at this point you are not
a premium instructor and your course can
be made available for free only to
become a premium instructor you have to
complete your udemy instructor
application so i will click here and i
will head over to the premium instructor
page and i'm going to complete my
details the personal details
and add other necessary details
then i'm going to upload a profile photo
i'm going to agree to the terms of
service
and here you can choose to participate
in the udemy deals program
this idea this program gives you the
right to sell your course at their
promotional prices usually between 999
and 14.99 if you don't want to be a part
of this program make sure you uncheck
this for me i want to be a part of this
program so i'll make sure it's lift
checked
and here i'm going to agree to the udemy
business program
and save to continue
to complete the application add the
payout account you can choose either a
paypal or a pioneer account of course if
you have a paypal account click here to
log into your paypal account and connect
it to your udemy account if you live in
a country where paypal is not available
then apply for pioneer if you don't have
one i'll leave a link in the description
and that link will give you a free 25
when you sign up with my link so once
you have your pioneer account click on
the button to look into your udemy
account and you are done and now you are
a premium instructor down here you have
to come back to fill your tax details
but we can do that now we can come back
for that when we start earning
now go back to the pricing page and now
you can select your cost price you can
choose any currency for me i'm going to
stick with u.s dollars and i'm going to
select from the price tiers there are
about 29 price tags like i said from
9.99 to
199.99 i'm going to select one for now
and click on save i can come back later
to change the price but note that no
matter the price that you pick if you
are part of the udemy deals program your
cost will be sold at the promotional
price usually between 999 and 14.99 now
we go to promotions for now we can skip
that we can come back to this once our
course is approved
now go to course messages this is the
place where you had your welcome message
and the congratulation message the
welcome message is the message they get
once they sign up for your course here
i'm going to welcome them
to discuss
why the congratulation message is the
message they get once they complete the
course and here i'm going to have the
congratulation message to congratulate
them for finishing this course and i'm
going to save
now we are all done and now we can
submit this course for review
now it will ask you to verify your
course url this url is generated from
your course title is always udemy.com
course slash your course title you can
change things if you want but i'm going
to stick with this and click submit for
review
and then you get this feedback
congratulations on finishing your course
since this is your first course upload
you will need to verify ownership of the
course and also submit your id for
verification so you get this asking you
to verify if you own the course or if it
belongs to a third party
this course is mine and i recorded the
video so i am going to select the first
one and click continue
now since i have not verified my id it
will ask me to verify my country so i'm
going to select nigeria
now it says my country is not supported
for automatic approval that i need to
verify manually via an alternative
process so i will select see alternative
process and this takes me to a page
using a third party called persona
click continue
then click verify
then select any id you want to use to
verify yourself
i will use my driver license so i'm
going to upload the front and the back
and then it will ask me to take a selfie
and i'm going to take my selfie and it's
done
now the third party which is persona in
this case will verify my identity and
inform udemy accordingly once approved
you'll get a notification that your
identity has been verified so you only
do this id verification once next time
when i'm uploading my new course i don't
have to do this again now complete the
submission and wait for the approval and
as you can see it's now in review
now after a working day or two you
should get a notification in your email
that informs you if your course was
approved or not of course click on the
link in the email to see all you need to
do to rectify things if your course is
not approved sometimes they will inform
you that it's not approved because you
need to edit some part of the landing
page or the curriculum page and then
they will tell you what you did wrong
and then they will inform you what you
need to do to rectify things it could be
the video quality or the title or a word
in the title also what's in the
description for me they wanted me to
remove a promotional video and also edit
a title and remove words like bonus and
instead of adding bonus i should change
it to additional video and so on so i
made all the edits and literally
submitted for review finally after a day
or two the course was approved and i got
this email and as you can see if you
click on it this is the landing page and
now you can see it's now public and your
course is now live
now as you can see because i'm part of
the deals program it saves 14.99 instead
of 109.99 that are actually selected so
if you're part of the this program your
cost will always be available at the
discount check your sections
check the video so confirm that
everything is the way you wanted it to
be
you can always go back to your dashboard
area to edit things you can remove a
video you can change the video you can
upload new videos edit the landing page
and more now that our course is live we
can go back to the promotions page on
the back end to create a discount code
you can create four types of discount
codes and you can create up to three
promotional codes every month click on
create coupon and select anyone that you
want to create you can choose correct
price to sell at 9.99 or select any of
the free coupon codes or create a custom
price coupon for example i can create
cell at 9.99 and i will select a stack
date
and an end date this one usually lasts
for 5 days but some of the other ones
last for 31 days now review the code and
click review coupon and here is your
code that you can share with your
audience
and that's it this is how to upload and
publish your course on udemy
click to watch other related videos
below don't forget to like and subscribe
thanks for watching and see you in the
next video
[Music]
